Cold...
It's freezing!
Monster!
Get down here.
Come down now!
Why are you being so rough?
Listen to me.
The full moon is almost here.
I don't want to force you.
But I don't want to die.
Your body is burning with desire right now.
My cold-bone curse
is already freezing my heart meridian.
Let's just make this work.
Close your eyes.
It'll be over quickly.
Please help me.
Please...
It's so hot.
So hot...
Then take it off.
Impossible.
Don't touch me.
Look at me.
I'm not ugly.
You won't lose out.
I don't want to die.
I don't want you to die either.
Get away from me!
Lusting after someone
is what beasts do.
Don't you know how?
I have manuals here. Want to read them?
Stop.
Stop!
You need this page.
Whether you like it or not,
you won't escape tonight.
Sorry.
Endure it for a moment.
Little Butterfly,
go back to the Hundred Illusions Realm and tell my aunts
I safely survived the full moon night.
And
I found Little Auspicious Cloud too.
Who would've thought...
fate could be this wondrous.
Also,
once I repay my debt, I'll return to the Hundred Illusions Realm.
That rude brute.
When the moon is full,
my whole body usually freezes.
I never thought I'd feel alive again after one night.
And
my complexion even looks better.
Could it be
Xiao Xiangyun is especially effective medicine?
I wonder if he's awake yet.
Little Auspicious Cloud, don't you remember me?
I checked your heart mark yesterday.
You monster!
You're not even human.
Last night,
you bewitched me.
As for what happened,
I don't even care.
You've been bound by my love gu.
You're my Yulang now.
You won't let anyone hurt me,
including
yourself.
From now on,
protecting me
will be your instinct.
Impossible.
Now do you believe me?
You are Little Auspicious Cloud,
my savior.
You must forget what happened yesterday,
including seeing my true form.
Take me home now.
Let me fulfill the promise I made as a child.
She ran off again.
I should've stayed here last night.
If I'd watched her
after the full moon...
Yunshuang,
don't worry.
Little Butterfly brought word:
Jiang Zhu found Xiao Xiangyun.
She'll return once she repays her debt.
Repay a debt?
Prince Yan, Shen Miao,
has been fighting Kuaiyi.
If he wins,
he must pass through Luoxia Forest
on his way back to the city.
For these past twelve years,
he's hunted Jade Waist Slaves for the court.
What if Jiang Zhu runs into him?
Go find her now.
Lixue, Yunshuang.
This is bad!
Jiang Zhu's in danger.
Not Crimson.
Kurokuro.
Last night,
I didn't realize the hairpin cut his hand.
His blood dripped into the wine,
and I drank it.
Then my true form appeared,
and frightened him away.
He escaped the Hundred Illusions Realm.
The speech charm failed again.
We must bring him back.
If he runs into Shen Miao
and reveals the entrance to our realm,
the consequences will be disastrous.
Ninth Aunt's man had a faint aura.
It vanished here.
Not good.
There are tracks from the Chiwu Army.
Move.
You lying beast!
You really used dirty tricks on me.
You?
With the way you are,
is this how you "invite" people home?
Witch.
You even tried to bewitch me.
Could he be carrying something?
Rosemary.
If the target of a speech charm
carries rosemary,
the charm won't work.
Stop struggling.
Tell me how to cure this love gu.
Then I'll let you go.
Its cure is life-or-death,
not something a mortal can endure.
Little Auspicious Cloud, stop asking.
What "Little Auspicious Cloud"?
Who is this Little Auspicious Cloud of yours?
What nonsense are you saying?
You really don't remember anything?
When I was little, I...
They're not ours.
Could it be...?
Are they your kind?
Crimson! Crimson!
Are you all right?
Who tied you up?
Watch out!
I've finally found you.
Prince Yan, Shen Miao.
Crimson,
could this be the Yulang you adore?
Don't talk nonsense.
Crimson!
Ninth Aunt, why are you here?
Your husband is missing.
Little Xiangyun, are you hurt?
Isn't this all your doing?
Stop pretending.
He is Xiao Xiangyun.
What Little Auspicious Cloud?
He's Shen Miao.
Kill him.
He's my savior.
Move.
Stop fighting!
Aunts, you mustn't kill him.
Little Auspicious Cloud!
Who hit you so hard?
Little Xiangyun, are you hurt?
Let me see.
Where are you hurt?
Ninth Aunt!
Are you all right?
Jiang Zhu did well.
No...
Sixth Aunt, Seventh Aunt!
Step back. Stop fighting. Shen Miao must die today.
I disagree.
Whether you agree or not, it must be done.
Stop fighting!
As long as I'm here,
neither side will kill the other.
You'll only wear me out.
Little Auspicious Cloud,
let's talk this through.
Make peace?
Don't even think about peace.
Why...
does this feel like last night again?
It's getting dark.
His love gu is acting up.
Sixth Aunt,
Ninth Aunt, Seventh Aunt,
he is my savior.
Don't kill him.
Even if he's your savior,
he is still the Jade Waist Slaves' mortal enemy.
Prince Yan, Shen Miao.
Precisely because he's Shen Miao,
he already knows about Jade Waist Slaves.
He'll hunt us all down.
Now,
only I
can control him.
If I stay by his side,
find rosemary,
and find Ninth Aunt's husband
to cast a speech charm on him,
make him forget he ever saw us,
and forget hunting Jade Waist Slaves.
Don't be foolish.
Love gu alone can't control him.
Move aside.
Listen to me, all of you.
You've had me locked up.
I'd be imprisoned for a month.
Now,
return to the Hundred Illusions Realm at once.
I'm sorry, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Aunt.
He is my Little Auspicious Cloud.
I can't hurt him.
On the first two days after the gu is planted,
desire is strongest.
After that, it only flares on full moon nights.
That's when you need me.
Little Auspicious Cloud,
tell me,
where is the rosemary?
I'll help you through tonight.
Who would've thought Prince Yan
would have such a day.
Good.
This king
was just looking for
a place to vent his rage.
Kill him!
General!
We still haven't found the Prince.
But we found traces of Jade Waist Slaves.
Kuaiyi remnants may still be in this area.
Keep searching.
Yes, sir.
Search carefully.
No way!
Why did he suddenly get so fierce?
See?
I saved you again.
Quick!
Search the ruined temple ahead.
This is bad.
Damn.
It's Prince Yan's men.
MkvDrama.Net